This week was a bit chaotic in terms of ideations and finding a single idea or direction to isolate and work on. I was focusing primarily on figuring out a message and/or a story to work on but I ended up doing multiple things, many of which were influenced and readjusted/thought through after my meeting with Heather (my advisor). 
<ol>
  <li> <b>Message/Story evolvement:</b> At this point, I would like my story to, generally, be centered around the idea of identity formation, growing up on the internet and navigating borders and barriers in this new ‘reality’. Some subtopics that I could also include are: internet pollution, how similar it can feel growing up on the internet vs not (not always a critique of how the internet impacts identity but just a comment on the role of technology in shaping how we view the world and how we tell stories, anonymity system of the online communities impact. </li>
  <li> <b>External elements evolvement:</b> So far I have thought about sound and some visual components. I think it would be cool and relevant to use a body of poems to generate sound and visuals. This will not be explicit but rather an additional component that adds intention to these sections. This is a section that I will start working on and prototyping to see how it can be incorporated into this project without being forced. I just think it would be cool since I talk about growing up on the internet and using an old, literary body of work to produce sound through technology could be very cool and fitting. This then leads to my prototype or ideation and thinking about the medium. </li>
  <li> <b>Medium evolvement:</b> After prototyping how a story similar to mine would look on Miro, I decided to not go with it and look into hosting my project on a website or using software that is made for this kind of work. Maybe it could be used for a part of this experience but I don’t think I will look into it as the primary medium. However, I did use it as a prototyping medium for this week :) </li>
  </ol>
  
Navigate the Miro Board: https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lxO8puo=/ </br>

<p> This board explores potential visual aesthetics and ways I can communicate this project. I wanted to explore and look into both text-based experiences as well as visual experiences. When exploring text-based prototypes, I want to pair them with strong sound components that, as mentioned above, I have some ideas to start prototyping soon. The examples I pulled are all interactive in different ways and so the simulation comes from the simplicity and gives a different feeling compared to including visuals. Visual-based prototypes will include animations, interaction and visual arts. The examples I gave are all different but had components that drew me to them. For example, I enjoyed the pixelated feeling and familiarity that SuperMario clouds give and the animated/evolving timeframe with a real, physical document background in Alternative Census.  An idea I’m thinking of is using/altering pixels of certain pre-existing artwork/images that could be relevant. I want my project to have multiple tabs and so after looking into these different types separately, I want to explore ways I can combine them so they look like they are part of the same project/story but are powerful enough to convey different emotions through the different senses. </p>

